external endpoint on gateway (#135)
jsalowey/wimse-arch: draft-ietf-wimse-arch.md

* Gateway Service

> A gateway service typically acts as an intermediary between the internal application trust domain and external systems. It typically consists of multiple resilient instances. The gateway is responsible for ensuring appropriate isolation between external and internal domains. It routes incoming requests to external endpoints to the correct workload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A gateway service typically acts as an intermediary between the internal application trust domain and external systems. It typically consists of multiple resilient instances. The gateway is responsible for ensuring appropriate isolation between external and internal domains. It routes incoming external requests to the correct internal workloads.
```

Maybe this is a bit more clear? Otherwise it reads otherwise me as if it is routing some requests to external endpoints of "the correct workload"

Author: I wanted to include the term "external endpoint", but I agree the text is not ideal, how about this
```suggestion
A gateway service acts as an intermediary between the internal application trust domain and external systems. By exposing external endpoints, it routes incoming requests to the correct internal workloads while ensuring appropriate isolation between the external and internal domains. To ensure high availability, a gateway usually consists of multiple resilient instances.
```

Reviewer: Much better. One final suggestion to eliminate double "ensure" - "ensure" -> "provide"
```suggestion
A gateway service acts as an intermediary between the internal application trust domain and external systems. By exposing external endpoints, it routes incoming requests to the correct internal workloads while ensuring appropriate isolation between the external and internal domains. To provide high availability, a gateway usually consists of multiple resilient instances.
```
